various grammar improvements (#37)
julelang/manual: src/compiler/compiler-optimizations.md

---

`--opt-append` \
Enables special optimizations for the built-in `append` function.

> - It prevents the allocating and destruction of a new slice by adding slice literals element-by-element if append is used at single assignment statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevents allocating and destruction of a new slice by adding slice literals element-by-element if append is used at single assignment statements.
```

Enables special optimizations for conditional expressions and structures.

- Removes unreachable if-else chain cases such as having constant false expressions. Applied for if-else chains, and match-cases.
- Removes unnecessary trailing cases that come after constant true case. Applied for if-else chains, and match-cases.
- Removes condition eval overhead of constant true cases. Applied for if-else chains, and match-cases.

> - Avoids using a wrapper for a string if the string is compared with a literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoids using wrapping strings compared with literals.
```
